Hello?
Listen, we're being attacked!
Find cover!
I'm stuck in a traffic jam!
Just look for somewhere
underground!
There's nowhere to go!
Sophia! Sophia!
Everyone in the shelter!
Hurry! Hurry! Hurry!
Quickly!
Don't be afraid.
I'm not going to hurt you.
What's your name?
Are you hurt?
Are you okay?
I don't understand.
What's your name?
Theo.
I'm Sophia.
Are you hungry?
How long were you here?
I hid...
the monsters came.
Don't look.
Come!
In here.
Hide!
Under the seat!
Be quiet!
Is it her?
Hurry.
Since they came this
is where we live.
Close you eyes.
Try to sleep.
Who's going to look
after me now?
Me.
I'm going to look after you.
What's wrong?
Thomas and Emma went for supplies.
They haven't come back.
We can't stay here.
Before the attack,
my sister said there were soldiers
at the observatory.
I could go for help.
Is there anyone?
Hands up.
Where are my men?
Where are the soldiers?
There was no one here.
Who are you?
That's my sister.
They're in a basement.
The seriously injured
can't go anywhere.
The food and water are running out.
There are things walking around outside.
The army can help them.
There is no army.
Just a few soldiers.
There are probably more...
still hiding with bunkers and stuff?
We have no communication.
To our knowledge...
there's no government
or army anymore.
They've nearly killed us all.
Can you talk to the Colonel?
I can try it.
They saved us.
I promised them that
I would get help.
Sophia?
Sleepyhead, are you okay?
Look.
This is my sister, Catherine.
I told you about her.
Hello.
I'm thirsty.
Okay.
How you were snoring
like a pig!
No, I wasn't.
You were.
Sophia farts in her sleep.
I know, I remember.
Cheeky pig!
Their belongings are gone.
Some rations too.
Where would they have gone?
To their families...most likely.
Your sister is still alive.
That's good.
What is it?
She talked about a ski resort.
There are survivors there.
There's nowhere for them to go.
They need food and water.
Then we must help them.
Easier said than done.
We have to try.
Your sister can show
us the way.
But my men need rest first.
Thank you.
The fighting is getting closer.
We need to move.
And go where?
Well, you saw soldiers.
Shouldn't we try and contact them?
You think they would protect us?
They are fighting a war.
They will not care if
we're in their way.
They might.
My equipment is here.
I not sure anyone really
gives a shit, Bill.
Well, maybe you should.
We have to learn everything
that we can about them.
We need to stay alive.
Your family are not safe here.
Will it be any safer somewhere else?
How close is the fighting?
We probably have a little time.
Let's wait and see what happens.
If it gets too close, we go.
Have you seen Theo?
No, I haven't seen him.
You're a bad liar.
I see you!
Oh, you found me.
He wants to know if you
want to play too.
I have to work.
Go find your book...
and I'll be there in a minute.
What are you working on?
I'm trying to identify the signal.
Science has never really been your thing.
It's strange to see you with a child.
I needed to do something.
You're doing great.
Better than me.
I don't have the patience.
That's true.
I was the...
troublemaker.
That's also true.
They should've stayed in Africa.
Who knows where they're going.
How are you?
Are you clean?
The end of the world
was a good reason to quit.
The need is always there.
Constantly.
Everyday, but ...
I have to be strong for Theo.
I have to stay clean.
That's good to hear.
I'm really happy for you.
Yes.
Now, we just have to stay alive.
So, you and the Colonel...
Come on!
I've seen it!
I see the way you look at him.
I would want to.
If you want to have sex
go for it!
Now, I have read a book
about a talking dog.
You okay?
We've got to get some proper food.
You never talk about your husband.
I'm sorry, I shouldn't
have said anything.
I know he's...
he's probably dead.
We don't talk about it.
It's like we're...
all lying for each other.
I really miss him just being there.
Things weren't exactly great between us.
I'm not sure that makes it any easier.
You and Bill seem to be
working things out.
I swear to God
I should get my head examined.
It's sweet.
How's Emily?
She so happy she can see again,
she's stopped asking why.
Well, maybe Bill will figure it out.
He hates not knowing things.
It offends his sense
of self-importance.
Will you stop that!
Stop doing that!
Oh come on, for God's sake,
didn't your father ever yell at you?
He should have.
I'm so sorry, Tom.
I shouldn't have said that.
Don't mind me. I'm...
I'm...I'm an idiot.
My Dad's dead isn't he?
We don't know that.
We survived.
He probably did too.
You're always tell me...
to prove things.
Prove it.
I can't.
All I know is that your father
will do everything he can
to get back here.
He will get back to you
because he loves you!
Not very scientific.
Fuck science!
Some things...
just can't be proved.
They just...
They just are.
You're still into Helen aren't you?
Let me give you a piece of advice.
Never be a prick
to the people you love.
Fuck science?
I was just being dramatic.
Sometimes.
Sometimes, yes.
In very special circumstances.
We could kick a ball around
if you like.
You don't really want to kick a ball around.
Not really.
I just thought I'd ask.
Maybe Ash would play with you.
Why aren't they killing animals?
They only kill humans.
I don't know.
Maybe animals aren't a threat to them?
Maybe they're vegans?
And...they don't like the way we treat
other species, so...
Did you lose something?
Yeah, the photo of my
family's not here.
When was the last time you had it?
Umm...it was at the chateau...at...
I put it in my back pack.
Fuck...
Maybe it fell out when
you were walking?
I don't know.
I lose stuff all the time too.
You took it, didn't you?
What?
No, 'cause you were looking
at it and then...
this morning...
when we stopped you hid
something from me.
I wasn't hiding anything.
Just give me the photo, eh?
I don't have it.
Why would he have your
photo of your family?
He took it.
I know he's got it.
This is bullshit!
Do you want to search me?
Sacha!
This is ridiculous.
I don't have your fucking photo!
Sacha!
Calm down.
You're going to let him accuse me?
Why do you think he took your photo?
Why?
Because he fucking steals things,
to fuck with me!
What?
Because he's a thief.
Look!
Look...
Where do you think he got this?
You lost it, that's all...
Where did you get that watch?
You're taking his side now?
No, I'm not taking anyone's side.
Where did you get that watch?
Tell her!
From the chateau.
You stole it?
No!
Yeah...yes, but I mean...
like you their stole food and...
That's not the same.
- It's different, Sacha.
- No, but...
I mean, they're dead.
They don't use it anymore.
I didn't take the photo
of his stupid family!
Why don't you tell your Mum
what really happened to Noah?
Okay, what do you mean?
Go on!
I saw you.
I was there.
Sacha locked him out.
That's why he died.
He's a liar.
No, he was begging you
to open the door.
You're a liar!
You killed him.
But why...why would I do that?
That's crazy!
I want my photo!
That's all I have left of them!
Give me the photo!
I don't have it okay?
Back off! Back off!
He knows what he did.
He's completely crazy.
He lost it!
Why did he start talking
about Noah?
No idea.
Did something happen?
No, nothing.
You don't believe me?
I don't know.
You think I killed him?
No.
I'm pretty sure that's a DNA scanner.
They're studying us.
Is that why they took the babies
from the hospital?
They seem to be pretty interested
in babies and foetuses.
Why?
I don't know.
This...
This isn't them, is it?
There's something else.
I think so.
Who are they?
I don't know.
What do they want?
Why are they here?
I don't know.
You said that...
they want to live.
What does that mean?
Doesn't everything?
Look, Emily...
anything that you can
tell me will help.
Help you to kill them?
But they want to wipe us out!
They've killed billions of people!
They killed my son!
Do you think we're different to them?
Ask Kariem what happened
to his family.
We kill all the time.
Yes, but you're the one person
they don't want to kill.
Why is that?
I don't know.
You said...
that you feel what they feel.
What did you mean by that?
I don't know!
I didn't ask for this!
Emily?
What is it?
It's okay.
"When she opened her mouth to bark,
"as dogs are known to do,
"something quite amazing happened.
"Hello, she said.
"There was nothing remarkable
"about how it looked
"but to hear her was something
else entirely.
"Because, Bubba the bulldog talked."
Hi.
Do you want one?
No.
I have to keep watch.
You have one for me.
I will.
It takes the sting out of feeling
totally...
totally... fucking...
...clueless.
Can you believe it's only 8 days
since this attack started?
I never really thanked you.
For saving my life.
You don't have to thank me.
I had to make a choice,
and I chose you.
What do you mean
you chose me?
I had to save you.
You said you made a choice?
Yeah, about where to go...
...when the attack was going to happen.
Wh-what?
You saw Chris when you
first arrived didn't you.
No!
Helen, we've already been over this.
You're lying.
Helen!
You saw him!
I didn't!
Bill...
Tell me the truth now
or there will never be anything
real between us, ever.
Tell me.
I tried to warn him.
He wouldn't listen.
All he could think of was
trying to save you.
He wouldn't let me pass.
What did you do?
Tell me.
He grabbed me...
and there was no time...
I pushed him away, and...
he fell.
You left him...
You left him to die!
I had to save you!
How did his body end up downstairs,
in the corridor?
I had to move it.
It was better than having to try to
explain what really happened.
You've been lying all this time!
No, no, Helen!
I did it for you.
You did it for yourself!
No, Helen, I...
It's never about what
makes me happy
it's always about you!
What you want!
No, Helen, you don't understand!
I did it because I love you!
Fuck you, Bill...
Helen, please!
Fuck you!!
Maybe they're like birds.
Their spacecraft crashed on the mountain
when we tracked their signals.
Perhaps that was the cause.
They behave like birds?
Birds use the quantum properties
of their cells.
They fly in perfect formation.
Navigating as one.
Perhaps those beings are the same.
What does that have
to do with the radar dishes?
Radio waves might interfere...
disrupting their communication.
Maybe they crashed into the mountain
because they couldn't see it.
They were blinded suddenly.
I think that's why they crashed.
Their ship has organic material.
The ship...the creatures.
Whatever was in that charred capsule.
Maybe they are connected to the ship.
So they malfunctioned...
and the ship went down?
No...Suppose their cells are
connected on a quantum level...
They can sense each other.
All the time...
even when they are far apart.
That low frequency that we picked up...
is what connects them.
So there was no communication?
It's how they see.
If we interrupt the frequency,
they're blinded and they can't function.
Are you sure?
It is a hypothesis.
We need to test it first.
Do you want to look for them?
This could be the breakthrough we need.
You do not believe me?
I believe you.
Why are we going to England?
Perhaps it's better there?
Or worse.
Maybe it's terrible there.
I don't want to hear it.
We don't need him.
We have each other.
Isn't that enough?
You always want more.
Who the fuck's killed it?
You took the photo didn't you?
Why?
Do you think things happen
for a reason?
Like you meeting my Mum
like that?
I just want it back.
Okay.
Then you have to tell my Mum
you were wrong
about what happened with Noah.
You think she's going to believe that?
Convince her.
If you don't, I'll torch the photo.
If you burn it I'll fucking...
What?
Are you going to shoot me?
No.
I don't think so.
Do we have a deal?
You left Noah to die.
Maybe he deserved to die.
How much longer do you think
you can keep it from her?
Eh? Who you really are?
She loves me.
She's my Mum.
She's gonna find out
she'll tell you that she still
loves you but...
She won't ever feel the same way.
Not really.
You know nothing.
You're going to see it in her eyes.
Shut up!
The minute she stops loving you...
Shut up.
You'll know.
Shut up!!
Helen...No...
Where's Emily?
I woke up and she was gone.
Helen!
Stay with Ash!
No!
Stop!
Helen...
Helen, it's fine...
It's fine...
Helen.
What happened?